Phenomenon. Thank you, Mrs. President.
The relationship is so good. We are newlyweds.
At the wedding, please save money.
That's useless. Thank you, Mrs. President.
I will definitely go. I'll give it to your teacher's wife,
Must be there. Then let’s go to Hedong.
Thanks, senior brother, why don't you go out for a drink.
Oops, what are you doing? Brother Xie has to go home.
Whose wife is still waiting at home? fine.
Very proud. Together. None of us have ever met my sister-in-law.
How about Xiao Shan come together. I mentioned it.
good. My sister-in-law is here.
This is my sister-in-law. What's going on?
Zhi Qi'er Zhi Qi'er Zhi Qi'er
Not bad. This hurts. Walk slowly.